PNF has been in India as a publisher, not as a publisher, but from a technology point of view, setting up the India operations, he needs India operations. He knows everything and everything around, not just TNF, but general connects to informal. He knows more people than me. And from today onwards, I call him Doctor. He is one organization where you go and sit in the room and most people will have like, masters. Many of them masters, but PhD, most people will have a PhD. I have to call up one more company, IMS. We have no record of that. Almost everybody is a doctor. They have already done PhD. It is a general company and they are like crazy. Actually, I was talking to someone who was there. That is why in the EFT, everybody has done something of the other way. I got to the publishing, not publishing, but the backend. So I got to the It is kind of the K-pop. I mean, vector, KPOs, which used to take care of OUP, CUP, everything under that. It is a services company. I mean, all the state publishers, they were the ones who were handling all the five of us. Not by the way, literally from everything, copywriting, the formatting, PS reviews, the entire workflow management. So, I was just starting. I was saying that the end of this is probably one of the biggest publishers you have never heard of. They published a lot of 2,700 journals, approximating everything. They published about 180 to 200,000 books. Our strength is in the fact that most publishers didn't have a particular niche in a subject or topic. So it would be like science, technology, over index. We have a significant strength in humanities and social sciences. We have a world leader in that. The other areas, we have also got context. Like broadly, like the business is broken up into 5 and about 80% of the business comes from subscriptions. The universities, governments, the money comes from subscription. There is a growing part of the business which is around open access publishing. So open access is research that is really accessible. But publishers charge an article processing charge. We will give APC as a term. So they will charge a certain amount to the author, which has got to be funded from somewhere. There is part of the research grant or use fund debt or your university has some sort of a subscription deal that the university has. They get a certain number of tokens that you can use to perform. There is another part of the revenue which is around direct to the J-1. People can come and buy books from a publisher. That is through channels like Amazon. But we are probably the most well-known brand of TNF is Routledge. If you say Routledge and CRC. If you say OCEOS or Routledge, you say, yes. The Taylor Council is where I am. The Routledge.com is a, I would say our offering over there, it could be a lot better. It is an early 2000 sort of a commercial experience where you can go in and find a book and check out. Experience is horrible. So all you go to Routledge and then you pay and then you get a notification that says, you can email or say TNF or something like that. Have I got scammed or something? It is like a mix. But people still know the Routledge because you get free shipping. Also because people don't know the Routledge. The other challenge, I think it is like old school. Because the infrastructure, the underlying infrastructure or systems that we have, it is running on e-logic servers. Just to give you an example. And Sreejan won't know what it is because it is not like what? Yeah, it is like, two, three, four. So yeah, so lot, lot of these things, this is also useful to know that TNF historically has been through when I joined, it was a bit of archaeology. Because you look at systems in terms of decades when they were either built or they were purchased or we had some form of licensing that we were into somewhere else. So I think they are inclusive publishers in that way because what we ended up doing is we are going to be doing a lot of things. So if you go there, we will call that same. Yeah, yeah, okay. This is what, it is recording, not just voice recording a case. I should take this and say it is okay. Yeah. It is okay? I am not even saying, okay, sometimes if you say something or not, you don't want to record it. Thank you, thank you. I have not had so many photographs taken of me. It makes me look like a celebrity. I am not sure. So, I said archaeology. So I was doing archaeology of the systems and then you can almost see. So I said we are a very inclusive publisher and I say we are very inclusive because we want to make sure that the industry benefits with the operator. So we pay Elsevier money for the systems that they send us and we use and we pay them subscription. We pay Wiley money because we use the platform that they give. We pay everybody. So Elsevier, when you do this thing, articles like researchers submitting articles, here in Elsevier, what they did was they ended up buying something that did editorial manager. So, effectively, the work flow around article submission, they bought into, I mean, it is not great. Still, it just, you know, some things become like, oh, this is what the industry uses and hence we also use. One thing to also remember, similar to insurance, one thing for me, like, you know, having worked in multiple different industries, publishing to some way felt similar to insurance. It moves at that pace and you are thinking, like, hang on, we are in the world of research and knowledge, but how researchers who are like PhDs and really the way in which they are of technology is like very mixed, very passionate. So, I am going to say, if there is anything that you need to, you know, fact check and relying on the two of you to tell me. So, that is the landscape. The landscape is for us, previously, technology was seen as almost like an unnecessary evil to start with, to being like, okay, this is like a necessary evil, like a cost center to now the fact that I think we said, actually, this is, whether we like it or not. So, I look at it in like the printing press was around for like 300 years before the internet came, right? That was the way in which people would designate knowledge. So, in the last 30 years, when the internet came, it sort of enabled like complete like step change and how information distribution happened. Consumption necessarily, let me still end up, you read the book, you read it. Last three years, that has changed, but there is another inflection point. Now, it is like how information is not only consumed, but likely to be created and who consumes it? So, it used to be primarily human to human, machine to human, now we are never machine to machine. So, that is the sort of eras, if you look at it in terms of what that overall shift is. So, where we are with TNF area is that it is global business also. So, it is very important to remember, but we have customers everywhere and when I say customers, there are customers who are institutions, but there are also customers who will be researchers, because the researchers are also our customers. So, if we look at like the two sides of publishing, the content creation and consumption, on the creation side, the customer really is the researcher or the author of the book. They are really important and what tools, services, products we provide for them, previously it used to be like, you know, they do not have a choice. After round over pressure, because there is no other way in which you get a content down. With the internet that changed, now with self-publishing that sort of changed a bit further, and now with the elements that even some change. So, that is one thing to keep aware of. Also, these people are now paying customers. Previously they were having to pay a debt, they would publish, we get the ownership of the content and the content goes back to pay off. That business model has been changing for 10 years now, it is writing more. So, that is part of the market who we do need to sell this one. Let me see, on the other side is, we have content consumers and over there, like the customers will be librarians, they will be essentially like librarians or people who are buying, like understanding what content you want to buy and buying like subscriptions should have. So, university librarians, university is combining the consortia, so that is how they negotiate and buy. Governments and two other markets, which is like direct to customer, direct to customer, DTC, and corporate. So, we have a small slice of the corporate market. So, that is another place we need to. And in there, the needs are different. They are not necessarily that interested in buying like this whole content casuals that they have. They are really interested in what is it they are buying to do. And in that context, what they can do. And they might be, their interest in content is not just, let us say, I want to buy a full subscription for, let me license this content because I want to use it in my internal environment. I want to use your content for, to integrate into my existing work. Just to give you a different project. So, during the pandemic, they were big uptake for our content. But on a specific area, what we, say Pfizer, they want to create a new drug for something. So, for that they will not want the whole content. They will be very specific. They just want these areas. Of course, they have their own elements where they want us to feed it. So, then they are able to start generating this drug. So, when you talk about markets, US is the most important market. Majority of the webinars, they are partly because library budget in the US are obviously not there. But the content creation, the research is generated is now growing all over the world. In fact, it is growing a lot more in China, India, Southeast Asia. Sir, should we go back to the segments? We are talking about researchers, is it alright? The operates and the need to keep speaking. Yes, it is. How big is it? How big is the priority? How big is the focus for the energy? So, probably about 85 percent of the market is academic environment. The opportunity for growth is in having better offerings on D2C, is in D2C and in corporate. And actually, this is also where we are saying is we need to stop thinking of it just purely in terms of content. But we near it, so the way I describe it is how do we shift from selling people content to understanding the intent. Because people who live around in the chai or here. Because if we can understand intent and satisfy that the value is around. But if I am giving you a content bundle and say you go figure it out, expect it. There is no stickiness. What our competitors have done to one of our competitors who has done that significantly well. And we started this journey over a decade ago is Walter Clovers. You will not find them as a publisher. They are not there as a publisher even though actually their origin is as a publisher. They have grown their business significantly on the back of products and services. That is what that is where they and actually I think about 80% of the revenue is not products and services. They think of themselves as a technology provider in products and services and now they are services. That is what they are doing. So if you think of the journey that we in the end have to go on, that is the journey. Like how do we go? Some of the other things that have also happened is there is no growing interest in having our content by the big tech companies. So there is a deal we did last year. I think it was Microsoft. So on how to pay licensing our content. How can these might be things which are like one offs. Using our content to train foundational elements, yes, this value. In fact there is other thing also that we are talking about that people like Meta and others we know have trained it on bi-directed content. And when we look at the data sources that they have used like libgen and so on, it has a significant percentage of TNF content in there. But knowing that this is the direction of travel, a lot of stuff that we have done in that space is just giving people content. Like this is where it comes down to, okay, if we just again use our data content and just provide it in the same way. Or how much more valuable is it if we like for corporate and they want to train, we don't just give them a content bundle and say take it. You know this is one TNF or a mount down but actually try and get better sign. You know what you really want to do is train your model. We will give you access to a corporate development. Because it also helps us right now when this goes away. So in the previous world if you think of what happened with print, this aggregation of, Google became the aggregator of all content but the value exchange that was for Prashav, you allow me to index all your content. I will find out more. With LLMs, it's like, for Prashav, I'm going to suck all your content. And thank you. See you later. So that is another thing where we are seeing what does it like. This is all coming back to the challenge around business model. How do we address that and how do we tune ourselves to become better fit for the future. Part of it is how do we, how do we stay true to the vision of our purpose which is fostering human progress through knowledge. That's the guiding light for us to say, you know what, we play an extremely important role in making sure that research that was published is very far, very valuable. You know, we know that there is a lot of stuff that is coming out there which is just even more source now that is generated with AI. There are companies that have made this business to just do things for paper milling. We will just generate out these research articles for people to stamp their name onto it and so on. I mean we have an extremely important role there. So how do we live up to that expectation for us to do this? So the role that we play is very important because we exist, we create, the role that we are playing, that is important. But how do we sort of not just do that but amplify that as a purpose. Knowing fully well that the use of AI is a bit of a, you know, bad name or label for the industry. People feel, especially content creators, they feel hey, all that AI has been doing is just effectively like, sucking all of this out and then taking all the value without giving any, not even any attribution to it. So if you think of ourselves, we play the central role in terms of content creators and consumers and that is the balance we had. On one side we need to enable content creation and if we find the balance and sort of make that, we are, you know, sort of enable that to happen more effectively that works as a client. This is something I came across yesterday, even that you are mentioning about users as the most important for TNF. You are here about this new website from US government called AI. I see one statement which bothered me yesterday.


It's both not just that but there's also a challenge in terms of what is seen as if your views or opinions and especially giving him the time that we have a very large publisher in the Humanity Social Transcipants. It's that if your views and opinions of what you have published go against the what is seen as the current administration which is a good reason why I think you're not recording this. But it makes it's a delicate balance to be had and the fact that you where we are talking about having this diversity of voice and thought that is there in that it's a great challenge. That is also affecting you must have the budget system and areas where they will get funding so things like springer like a land set right so the land set which is like the premium article is a journal for medicine. They are seen as a you are promoting book ideas any research funded through the National Health Health or the US government agencies they say oh you should publish it in land set which is a challenge for books the researchers as well as the rest of the research group. Right because we are not talking like it's known as a premium journal people want to publish it because the publisher has certain recognition, their own sort of reputation status. So that is there actually there's a whole bunch of stuff around like anthropic what they did I mean everyone knows that it's still to be debated in the court. I think the same judges who ruled on the whether you can whether ABIs are copyrightable. If the same judge actually passed some judgment in the case now I think it was metamorphic we are correct actually. Because the thing around here is what is copyright law it's a bit of a digression but thing is to understand over here when you are saying I am using it to train a model but it's not reproducing the content what is the legal definitions on what is reproduction and not as of content is becomes great. So there is some legal things in there which is if the number of input tokens going in are significantly less than the number of output and that output is not the same as word for word reproduction of content that is used to train it then you might have a case. And then there are these other things around what is there you using llama models are big for each of these ways actually you can get it to introduce large snippets of Harry Potter by giving it few problems. It's a whole area of fascinating area of thing in there because what the close of model tools they apply filters on top. So you don't know that can you prevent memorization within the model itself is a thing that there are some few techniques where you can use to say to try and like stop the model from guide the model to not reproduce the underlines of content. So how you end up as part of the training process what can you do during a model what can you do that is a full you know you can have a separate discussion on that topic itself. I think what they are trying to do all these researchers were published articles right activity ends up in one of the journals of the publishers. So it all started in the researchers started to do that in the publishers you have given my article to all these another and they are consuming. So then the competition of the publisher they are you know you are using that's what too much of noise is going on. So part of it is like attribution is a challenge like the thing is actually like okay you are using the train fine but in many ways if there is no value back to the content created in the first place then it's like okay now why should I allow you to do. So another thing to understand is how does team actually make money. Probably about I would say over two thirds of it comes from subscription. You know article publishing charges for publishing articles and through other like licenses so that's roughly a script but I think to remember this is in terms of cost point of view we have we carry a bulk of 75 percent of our costs are upstream. When I say upstream this is all the way from how do we commission how do we do the peer review how do we do various translations all the way through up to the publishing that's about 75 percent of the costs. So it's about 75 percent of the cost that we have to pay for the purchase. So what is the value of the product that we have to pay for the purchase. So what is the value of the product that we have to pay for the purchase. So what is the value of the product that we have to pay for the purchase. So we have about 750,000 articles that gets submitted about 130,000 or so actually only get it's about 18 to 20 percent. So what is the value of the product that we have to pay for the purchase. So it is a combination so we work with both internal stuff but we also work with our partners. So things like when an article gets submitted some of the checks some of the things that could be with third party and then it all comes back. So it's not a linear flow in many ways. All the way from commissioning and attracting like even process of creating this one is not all the two thousand journals are owned by DNA. So for example, the other one we have contracts with societies where the journal will be published in the journal. And then let me share it. So predominantly we have just been looking at the N.S. has been promising this publishing content no matter the internal, external all of that. So a lot of like what he like he said, the interview teams, some of the old school they were only thinking about. So when I said the overall market one, in the overall market Elsevier is the 800 pound gorilla in the market. More in the stem space but the stem space is the one which has more ground. There is more money, humanity, social science is the one which is not seen ever. Which I think might be interesting to see what happens with the growth of like LLM and so on and what happens in research because actually if you can start doing research in like science and technology primarily driven by AI. Maybe it is a new value in the humanity social science. If that is one, I have worked in ten years time maybe that might change. So. And Elsevier also gave me this, gave me the first to prove that technology can accelerate. And maybe it is a general problem to go to the India. India started in 2017. Yes in the general. So science are correct. So the talk works for science was clear. No. Talkers are not work for science. No. Talkers work for science are correct. Talkers work for science are correct. Talkers work for science are correct. Talkers work for science are correct. In India is right. Yes. Spodger is the way. Talkers work for DNF is not right. Usually I think one of the things that talkers does is invent one industry, one of the major players work and then integrate them working with all the other way. So even though it is like India. So. But one thing to remember is actually their revenue as well. Is quite diverse. So if you look at where most of our revenue comes in is mainly from content. It is not from product services. Elsevier is quite they do get a significant amount of revenue from product services. Similarly with the Volta close. Actually Volta close is the other extreme. I think the only one like 10, 15% of the revenue comes from content. Anything else from product services? In the example you can say product services. So. So in the. As I am struggling with the name for the name of the product. So. So in the medicines based on pharma. Elsevier has a product. Which clinicians or researchers will use directly as part of their work. So this is like they don't take care of it. What is content is powering that. Like all the other things like the user interface the Volta close are owned. That is a product that is owned by Elsevier. What is actually physical product? No physical product. Digital product with it. So. I am looking to do research in my kind of my industry. You know this is what I do on a daily basis. I have an electronic lab notebook. More direct indications. Whereas what we do is we are the way I describe it is we are in the. For a commercial. Right now if you think of this. If you think of the. Of the stack. If you think of the content stack. The value is much like the further up the stack that you can go. The stickier that you are because it is a lot. Harder to move away. When I am using part of it as on a daily basis. The whole thing my Bloomberg. Most. I think that it was the blue moon. And so. If you make that sort of people use every new person coming in this time. Anybody else get into it even if your content is superior. You might have a better. It's just muscle memory. How people have used it. And that's what the industry does. We don't have that. So the question is in certain. Market segments we will not be able to do that because you know trying to get. Break into something that in holding. But in other market segments there will be opportunity. So that I mean that's what I mean. Where exactly. We are if you're operating at the lowest level of the stack. Just. You said you have. So are there any other companies which are getting products and services. Not just you know they probably do like aggregation based on. Like if you look at. You must see the industry doesn't buy just one. But just figure. So there are products which they can't even move. Common thing to be like. A rapper on that would be like the library. Information management systems. That you must. And they will look at a effective data. The indexing on the metadata that is there. They'll do this. That's why you do the search. Like if a student. That's where I will go. That will be my photo. But once I see a particular article. That I was. You then take me on to the platform of the. Of the. Position. Now that's where you start applying access entanglements. And see a lot of you. Then once you're there. What is that experience. That is something that we can. We can do a lot better. Probably one question on the same note. I mean I'm just trying to link. J. It is one of the kind of a. General. They used to have it as a. General. Informatic. I was working way back in 2004. With them for a short period. Do we give the. I mean they also kind of a link. To the general Francis for some of the general. Gates and all the. Publishing they used to claim as the largest. Journal. They do a lot of. People do aggregation. They will say you. So. University is might have bought. But you know they're buying. It's like application. And then what they effectively say is. You don't need to have like. Different. You know. Different. Systems. That you need. Have one that allows you to sort of search. So we do. We also do. Licensing deals. People do aggregation. Yeah. So I think one thing to say was. Like this is the current day. But we can definitely see in the future. That I. I think this is a scenario. You know. As I know from our. We were discussing. Where could it go. In that way. Think of it in the future. Like researcher has a certain research project. That's when like these deep research. So I said. The day that you know I have my research agent. I give the agent. You know part of my research. Grant that I have I can have a certain thing for. Doing. Analysis. I give the budget. To. A hundred dollars. For the preliminary study. In this area. That we can use that and go to different publishers. In a. Similar agent. Those two. They do the negotiation. What is it that we do. If you're trying to do a preliminary study. Actually what you're interested in is. You know how many. How many people. The articles exist in this particular area. What is normal in the research. It's really different. You mean the summaries of. Actually if there is a particular article that's of interest. And I want the entire article. You have to pay a certain amount more. And if it is. On the underlying. Data that was used for that research. People publish. Not just. Not enough. To get towards it. If you publish an entire. Body of work which is a study. Anyone access to that. You know what we're doing. So then you might say actually you know I'm just saying. I'm just doing a preliminary search. Negotiate. At the time you do this. On the fly bundling of what the content is going to be. Do the pricing over there. You actually do the. Payment. And then you. Give access and entitlement. To that piece. Back to the. The. Researchers agent does a summary of that. With links to the article that I got. And then. Right. Now. When I say. I can see this being built. And I can see us. Obviously few challenges in that. Recently you were. In the club. They have blocked. The eye crawlers by default. So last year they introduced something. Can talk. No. There's one thing. Except Google. Search. But. They go back. What they have launched as a beta. Pay a call. If you can add. You can sort of see that. Foundations of what the future of this. Are probably already getting. So in the future what. What I was sort of. Might get that in. Three to five years. Might be. To. So that's thinking about it. How should we be thinking about. Content in a way that enables this in the future. Right. Because this is the. It's not. Everyone's searching the premium is. Researches time. Researcher. When you think about what they have to do on a regular basis. Read. They have to keep up to date with their research. They contribute some of the time to doing like this peer reviews. Some research they have to teach. And you also have to do your research. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. And you have to do it. You just have to pay us you know 50,000 or whatever for the research. So why not write? It is possible. So it's like okay. If you play out what this overall ecosystem would be. Where are the things that we could potentially be doing? So if you are just publishing anymore. You are actually offering this entire value chain. Which is right now like small jumps. Because you are becoming like a worker. Publishing as a service. And the value chain you are interested in can do that. Exactly. So the other end of the spectrum is there are about 10,000 small publishers. For whom some of these things are really not possible. Right? Now one view of the world could be if we provide publishing as a service at cost to them. Which means we are getting one side of the equation which is more content. Which can be more discoverable than people. Right? And we say actually this content will be discovered by a larger audience. Then there might be more incentive for those 10,000 publishers or at least a certain proportion of them. To one common publisher does. Yes. So if they are publishers we have more content to service. And as the content gets serviced up. We basically give the attribution back to the publisher. Right? So the right hand part of it is limited by what we can do and what technology is enabled. So on this side if you say actually we could build these researchers. Yes we can. And it doesn't just have to be the fact that we own the product. This is moving away from this whole idea of how to we become a knowledge products and services business. That's the that's the that's the ambition. That's why we want to be. But you know how cool would it be if we say you know what. You don't really care about like yes you need access to the content. Because content is an enabler for you to do other stuff. You focus on the research that you have to do. We provide you the entire ecosystem around it. There's nothing stopping us from saying no we are going to build the agent for you. And that agent will be able to do all this. But then agent capabilities from payment point of view are there. But Stripe has agent capability for agentic flows and payments. So again that is like you know when you look at what are the necessary building blocks that are there to allow us to build this. They are there. It's about how compelling can we make it. In Gemini you have that option. Deep research. Yeah so. So obviously this is not like you keep telling me this is not just a product that they come to change. We are transforming PNF. And that's what Peggy, CEO of the venture venture about this is not just a this is not just a product. This is one of the first things I said it's like I can build you all this stuff but there's no point. Take this on the market. There's no point building stuff. There's no one's going to take say understand how can we create proposition out of it. If you can't sell it. It's not what that is. And also all of this from a product and tech point of view has got to be like lockstep with our capabilities and the rest of the business. And how do we like. In some cases we move further ahead. In other cases like business but lots of ideas. We need to be able to. So I think part of that is some changes already happening. So we work for a very long time focused on formats. So when I say format it's like the book. And the job. We're very format specific. In fact we have to try and say is like right now we want content that's locked away in these formats that we need to make our access for. That's all. Second actually we want even within the business those two cycles that we used to are we were organized in terms of there's a full line of business for advanced learning. Which is everything books related. There's another line of service called research and services which is everything the others do. What we're trying to what the change we're doing is actually that doesn't exist anymore. We're saying we only got content. And we got one ending who's not to look after content. And then we got endings who are responsible for the market services. So that's the way in which we are changing from an organizational point of view. How we think about like approach to content and how we think about market services. How do you think about like structure or structure. There are multiple there are publishers who still think on the term format. But many many people are now beginning to think about. So why do for example is trying to do this with by doing they have done like a partnership with complexity to get that content made accessible to universities who buy the subject. And then we got the description for the university users to directly access by the content. My question is not good. So what people trying to do is different things. So what people trying to do is different things. Now we're not. That's why a lot of people use to tell that like city is the one which is very authentic. Just because. So coming back to technology. Our technology landscape is. If I was going to measure my breath of my empire based on the number of systems that are there then I definitely go more on the sort of the kingdom to an emperor. Unfortunately I don't care about that and what I do care about is the fact that our operating costs have been going on here. We've got like four hundred. First thing in the game I was like okay. How many systems can be there. Fifty to seventy range. Let's get such a spank of time. One hundred. Then after a few weeks. One hundred and fifty. One hundred and fifty. And then locality in relation to the number of people we have in our index. Last time we have put four hundred. So many systems in different ways. You know really if there's something which is front facing and it's what back end we call them as two different systems. What roughly think about it. Big question. Some of them in house built some of them with externals. Even if they are like products that we bought is to count them because in many ways they are like you know as far as the end customers concern if that doesn't work it's fifty answers. So when you look into the state of one district like okay. That is one we go to something on directly. So I think one system everybody in every person in broad index everyone will have one system of their own. They can do what you know but there's not much we can do with it. So we have to figure out like a rationalizing the state is one thing. So the main point of it is you know lowering our operating costs. It's like not all of the systems are core to us anymore. Over time we will like take permission. Over time we will have to simplify. We collapse our systems. So when I said from DFT point of view there were three pillars that I have been trying to communicate in terms of the change. Like how this forms part of a broader transformation. So one of it is around how our ways of working. So one thing that if anything like twenty plus years in ThoughtWorks.com is cross functional teams with having closer alignment to business or end customers is the way to go. So we have to sort of change them. We can't have technology teams handed something at the end and say go and bid it. Because they were most likely there are so many like you know levels of translation that people will be bidding the wrong thing. So yeah. And it's just you know lost in translation on one hand. So we had about 150 initiatives. You will plan, you will do yearly planning. So for next year 2026 this year now I would have had to decide and commit to what are the 150 things. Have you asked about that? That we have to build. No thank you. Like this will not be possible. There is no way that you can do this. There is no way you can commit so much in advance. And also like we know that stuff changes and we are asked to switch priority but nothing falls off. Everything is tagged out. So that was the thing with the EFT or exactly we should say this has to change. We can't do everything. We got this much capacity. We keep going through small bits and we never deliver anything. Or we say we are putting in like what is going to make a material difference. Let's open up that. So we got that buying right now. I think we also need to change the mindset in other parts even within our technology teams. We got 6 priorities. That's what we work on because I cannot be clear. If you are working on something else, stop and think. So that is the third was simplification. So you have to simplify this thing. And either through rationalizing our systems and part of simplification involves change in business process. So for example we have like 5, 6 peer review systems. And part of this is because we have done acquisitions over time. With every acquisitions on their own system, their people and process. So we have got to address that. Otherwise, for each of those peer review systems, we put 2 people. And the best they are going to try and keep those systems up and running. There is no way we can create and prepare in customer experience. So that is the other one. How do we start with this? So these are the 3 guiding foundations for how we need to be doing our transformation. I think we have a significant opportunity by using any and all tools available to us. And I think we need to accelerate some of that modernization of systems. I think there is a significant opportunity for us to both enable teams to deliver at a significant pace that we have not managed before. And I think there is a significant opportunity for us to completely reset how technology can enable the energy to reach that ambition that we have in our life. Thank you.

Internet has been around for longer than it has been. What do you want? What do you want? So that's the other thing in there. But last, you know, we can sort of see where technology is going. And especially last like four or three years a second. Okay, this is like, if people don't come to us, how much business do we have? That's the thing we are trying to solve. And that's the thing I'm sure you all and with hot boxes have people take it as a whole. Sir, one for all. Any

Building systems. We had separate teams that were focused on running those systems. So the teams that built the system really had a lot more knowledge about that. The team that were running the systems in many ways wouldn't do underlying structural changes to address root causes. So we have tickets that would come in. One thing that always bit when I joined, that bobbled my mind was the number of tickets that came from email change. So you would think, what am I talking about? So because I as a user, you know, I've got my emails that I've used and set up in the system. And my say as a system, actually I've moved the email stream. Why should email exchange now? Please check my emails. I couldn't do that as self service. I would have to go and raise a ticket and say, please change my email. That one ticket would then become four tickets. Because it had to go to four different systems. And that four tickets would go to the back of four different teams. There needs to be some coordination between them, which is able to say something. Because if you end up having like different emails, you can't do that. And then this builds up over here. So one of the things I said was actually, let's try and bring, when you put all the teams together and then one team starts saying, oh my god, how many tickets are coming around email? I don't want to keep doing this. Let's figure out how to solve the root cause of it. And we're solving the root cause of that. We have to break in the self service so that we are not doing it. So if you see every ticket, to be able to do that would take like 15 minutes for somebody to make an email change in the banking system. Four systems, one hour. How many of those would come every month? Like, mind of my job for somebody to just keep doing the same thing over and over again. So initially the product, so these are like some things, we want the teams to be aware of because this is also about not just an operation, whenever there is operational inefficiency or the cost is high, in many ways you can trace that particular core customer experience or core user experience, whether that is an internal, external customer, paying customer or a colleague. Shouldn't be a guess. Definitely shouldn't be a guess. But why should someone be wasting their time doing this? It should be like a one minute thing for someone to just point back. I want to indicate myself, I want to change the email, I just change the email, and whatever that flow is. It definitely shouldn't be a guess. So this is like one change that we are done here also again. How do we continue to evolve our teams? So we've also done an exercise around trying to back the overall systems across books and journals into some sort of overall domain. What are the capabilities that are there? What domain should exist? Some systems obviously don't respect that at the moment because they are cross-cutting the work. But at least we will bring teams together so that there is a reduced dependency. Otherwise, part of the job most of the time would be to try and figure out, in order to get this thing done, I need to sequence between them five different teams to get it done. Why? You can say, actually these sets of people are responsible to get in this area. Figure it out. Why? So those are some changes that we are doing. And then that will evolve. I fully expect us to continue to evolve that over and over again. So the structure is trying to bring operations into the development of the performance. We need teams to build and run this as a leadership model. So the structure is easy. This is maybe organized by content and the construction. Is technology also going to evolve in some sense? I don't think they have figured it out fully. It's the only thing that it will evolve. Because the content flow into it is easier to perform. And this is where we are trying to take some time. We are talking to Roy about where should the platform be? Should it be the platform capabilities? How much should the platform provide? So that in our custom verticals, the verticals can just be leveraging that. As opposed to having much leaner sort of platform capabilities that the verticals build out whatever direction. Closing from the beach. But this awareness at least from an MD of each of those units. So the data to understand. Actually these are just product and technology decisions. These are fundamentally, this is how we are organizing, this is how the business needs to work. But if they are expecting that the business works in this way, how do we make sure that we are aligned in a way that we can deliver most of it? So you mentioned about the focus priorities. I'm sure that you have these five things that you've been looking for. What was being for, say you went very close to the next six months. You have the list for this. Yeah, yeah. But it is mostly around the Palace app. Integration. So Palace app is one. So if you think about priorities, if you think about from a commercial marketplace, if there is something which is in your revenue, we will prioritize it. So in your revenue, we will turn everything else. Then the question ends up being like after that, what are the other, what are the other side of things? So like the distinct unified content we know is an out of the time pay for us. The RCAs for the first time. Yeah, so then there is another thing which is actually if we are able to optimize the content sort of validation, the experience would come in. Like every percentage point increase that we can bring into articles that are submitted, etc. Has a direct link to the revenue, especially when they are paid for business. So every percentage point you add a certain amount which goes directly to our topic because it is net nothing. All that we have to do is if we can optimize that flow and reduce dropout over there, that will be good. So understanding what each initiative is doing in terms of its impact either to talk about revenue growth or its reduction in topics and how it sort of matches. And the unified content program we have to think about for the first time. That is like for all the things we are describing for the future, where you want to be able to go to, like unbundle or maintain, make it more discoverable, make machine to machine consumption happen, build products, ideas, products and services on top of that. We need that. We need that for us.


It is known as we are unique in the same room trying to figure out what does this mean. It will come down to execution. We come down to how effectively are we able to like balance these different priorities and how effectively are we able to execute. The better the execution, the better the process that are, how complete it is. As simple as ideas are achieved, everybody is like this. So if you get a finger there, or one there, or one there, or two there, you have to work on the other. I think I go over some of you this time. The good thing about the analysis is that we are not attached to any of our systems. How will then they be? We do not even know how to do that. Second, we have a, so yes there are some systems where, you know, finance also plays a big role in this. So systems that we have been capitalizing but haven't been written off in the beginning, like haven't been fully represented, will have an impact in that look. Even if I am saying I should take vision in the system. I am sure our competitors have seen that sort of challenge. Especially with that we invested significantly in the existing platform. We have this option. It is like this whole move to 4G and 5G. Fixed line, every moment of mobile, moment of maximum. There is none. Zero infrastructure. We can directly go to where the future is. That is what I see as the option. And also one thing for me is this is such an important, like forgetting all this thing around revenue growth, billion dollar business, you know, what is going to our profit now. Fundamentally, this is such an important problem to solve because knowledge is the key to everything in the future. But if we say actually in the future we want AI to be able to discover new things around the world. Having the underlying sort of foundational knowledge on which everything is built, and actually that foundational knowledge in the world really is like five or six major publishers. That is how knowledge is. And then the role that we can play to sort of enable that in the future. I think that is what I see as like the, it is a big responsibility. The fact that there is so much AI generated track that can come out and its impact in things like, you know, we all see, we all subject to WhatsApp forwards from various members of family and friends. Where we can sort of see what when people say, oh you should rise up by rotating, you know, tie an onion to your leg or whatever at night, or we will cure your cold, we will stop the cold. So, harmless sort of thing. But imagine things like this which are there in much more critical areas, like research happening which has no basis, it is not even research, it is just garbage is churned out. And I think that the impact of things like that or just to signal, like the cost to us as a, it is just way to, that is what I see as much more like how do we bring that into the world that we do everything. And in many ways, I think when we are entering, all people are saying, you know, should we move into a cost or should we get, it is like everybody takes this on, takes this responsibility really seriously. So, in a lot of our previous projects, like what I have experienced just whenever something for technology transformation, you know, the company is marketing manager, anything like this, the business has to be on board with the client, otherwise usually the first fiction point is that. Because they are, everybody wants to work closely with them. Like we did this idea from thing which was almost this last three, four weeks, the whole intent on that was that when we did the research integrity, the verification checks, whatever. Right sir. Which is thing from the business side of thing, we want to work closely with them. Sir, it is like that is not even a door that we have to try and, it is an open door. Let us come and work with you. We do not want to wait for like six months. We are happy to do like smaller iterations. Like is there all the way from, is there anything exactly in the script, this is there. Everybody has no question about it. It helps when the CEOs come from purely digital, pure businesses and knows and has worked, say many worked at operator where ThoughtWorks was involved, she worked at Future, where again ThoughtWorks was involved. She has worked at Go! Come There and again ThoughtWorks is involved. She understands this. It is like, I do not think the question will only be what, how can we move faster. So, I think it is partly like, you know, our responsibility say like, if there is anything at all we think of, actually we can move faster if we did this, then how do we make it happen. And part of it is also like, you find a lot of within TNF, within our technology police, people want to be involved upfront, like it is part of this idea that people are, if I understand more of the why, I can make most of that happen. And people are like, yeah, AI tools, yeah. In working in a different way, yes. In an embedded AI products, yes. So, how do you think there is any, like they will be waiting for ThoughtWorks to start working, you know, here in Bangalore so that they can actually also work those out. And learn and improve and figure out how many, like how these are changing. How is the increase in the setup, what is the reduction as part of all that? I will give you my view. And then we can give his view. So, I think the intake when we start off is actually the right one. So, not quite needed, it is a one before that was, was for max, max gain. Yeah, the right one. And actually when you look at teams at that time, when we just, when there was an initial wave of technology is important, we need to work as part of the initially involved with this piece around the max access, first interaction. We had business technology team working together and that was the intent of actually setting up the center in Bangalore. So, it is actually this method. We think that we could have it over here. And today we sort of set up this as a global sort of delivery. But for a variety of reasons, I think we have sort of gone, we have gone on the journey, but we haven't really tapped into the potential for example. And we can do a lot more. So, one of my priorities is how do we set up, how do I have to do that, the capability, the enthusiasm that is there, the energy which is there to my group and actually grow that. And actually grow that more because this is where like in the overall plan, we actually want the center in Bangalore to be both capacity and capability wise. Actually, that is how the intent started. Then, you know, all the way things are called like rest. And when the event, as you start working with some of the guys, you hear from them, they all signed up for it actually. And that is why that hunger for working closer to the business, they use some of the guys who joined like details back and were there in initial cases. They used to enjoy, they used to even go and meet with the customers. That is how it was all done. And then slowly it started cleaning out. And now we are trying to bring it ahead. That is why he said, you know, the hunger is there. They want to do things faster. And they want to make sure that, you know, and Max, Max is like a huge ThoughtWorks fan, always going to take his and even the folks. He liked that way over. You know, Pfizer, all of their places. That is where he did all this. So, I think he worked with ThoughtWorks even in Thailand. So, that is where he started looking at this whole new change. That is why he wanted to inculcate that culture. And he always said, continue to be in a startup world. Even today he said, be in a startup world. Otherwise, you know, so we became, we got into the enterprise mode, like the effect in the world. Rather than trying to be, you know, do it like a liquid, you just keep doing it. And the capability is here. It is not that we don't have capability around people with different, different powers. And we might have that. And it is just that how we bring them all together so that they are able to do things. I think with all, to me one thing, with all these constraints, the fact that we run a vulnerable system and customers still pay us money and we are still growing as a business. It is like, okay, imagine if that was different. What is wrong? And I think like I have worked in so many organizations and being part of so many organizations. I think I can tell you this. Your experience, like things where, you know, in the past you would have to go and convince people that you have to do things differently. You don't have to. You have to convince people. Right? And the good thing is you have to convince people on the ground. Yeah. And we have the, we have, like as long as we can, as long as we are delivering, there will be, like, all the panic has over, how we actually, how we are achieving the order. Should we just, I think, speak a little bit about the unified market opportunity for apps? Yes. So, I don't know. I am asking you as well. So, I will just go for this thing on different flows. How we look at getting content in our journals and getting content out of those. Right? And all the content comes and in various different shapes of forms ends up in a system called PC. The content master. It then ends up getting surfaced in other, many other mysterious ways into two different platforms. So, we have two ways of getting content in. Get into one place. Let me split that half. So, what we are now trying to look at is, what are the capabilities? What is it that we are missing on the content? So, you would know about this in a way. So, I will actually say it within the room. And I have spoken to Ravi as well about it. So, this is not broadly known and I would actually request that we do keep this, we are being mindful of the fact that, in the case of the SMO, we are good citizens, we enable all of our other competitors to be aware. It is a point where we are like, okay, maybe we should stop thinking and do that well and focus on what is it. So, we use a platform called Atapon. Atapon is a person that is brought back to be better by you. And we host our journals content. We start, we recognize the fact in 2017 that we want to be able to have a unified experience for our customers. And went down the journey of building our own platform, which we built and sold UBS. Unfortunately, that part of it was initially funded by our once learning part of business. So, when you have a business that is split into books and journals, and you have requirements and things coming in from one side of the business, you end up with a platform that is a being a unified book. And then for a variety of reasons, it was challenging to get some stuff live and you know, some of the ironing stuff out became a better job. So, this is about continuing the journey so that we can actually build a unified platform. The way this thing works, and actually we could have started on the content negotiation side as well. Given that we have a cost actually there, but it is harder to make the case because those costs are all spread across many different things. Which is around when people cost actual marketing costs, with the better regulations, with the university and so on. On this side, we know the same thing we check up month that we spend with Atapon year to year. May I look at that in terms of my overall bill for the year? That would be a nice one to get rid of, so that I can actually spend it on something much more meaningful. That is going to take so long that it will. So, all of this is how quickly can we actually get a platform? Give our end customers a unified experience, or if you are only getting a way to back at Atapon, it will not be. In fact, the upgrade team, we have a platform where you can only see journals content, it will not be acceptable. All that you have done is spent a chunk of money. Now, I have to train my end users customers to use a different platform, and I still have to log in into those systems when I bought a subscription to books and journals. Not a great issue. How do we get to a place where we are able to get books and journals in one place and take a vision at Atapon? Step one on the journey of how do we unlock the platform? There is a whole bunch of underlying work that is necessary to say how do we unlock our platform, which is, don't care about format, don't care about the books, don't care about the journals. Care about trying to understand what is the intent of the event that the user is trying to accomplish. If you are a student, maybe you are trying to just do a bit of proof of that. If you are a teacher, maybe you are actually trying to create more compelling post material content or teaching content. If you are a researcher, you want to use your time wisely so that you can get the content that is most relevant for the researcher, or you can do the research for the teacher. If you are a corporate, maybe you want your content to be available seamlessly into the platform that they are trying to make. That is why we need to move towards, but this can only happen, first we need to build rust. We have tried many times in the past to build stuff and we spent a lot of money on building systems. At the group level, we almost need to be able to look internally and at the group level. We need to be able to demonstrate that we can do this. Which is why doing this incrementally is so, so, so important. If I said go away, 18 months, come back. The reason why this is extremely sensitive is our partner at the end of the next year. Somehow you can tell me that this will be rewritten by next year and I will be like great, thank you very much, brilliant. I can go and get my phone. Thank you very much, I will not go to front here anymore. But we just have to be sensitive in terms of what does that actually look like. The other thing we also have to be very careful about is what is like the, there are certain points in the year where we can actually go out. So, for example, now we are already in discussions about subscription renewables for next year with us. So, we need to be very aware of what those cycles are. Because if we are then, but we would even go in front of customers to be able to say, hey, this is what we are doing. This is what you want to get. Both help with the subscription renewables, but also helps to, commercial teams to convince them as to why they should pay this like a mortgage. So, that is the thinking behind it. And how the financials work out in this. If we are able to successfully make a question, then it takes a chunk of costs out. But more importantly, it keeps a compelling experience that we don't have. And if you are able to do that, then we are able to much more, I can convince our group colleagues that I know what I am doing. And then, in the beginning, to actually fund the next set of things. We need to go every six months to get a site that is what we plan to do. We need to get a job investment for what we plan to do. And I know how painful that is. I mean, we've done that this year. So, the reason for this thing being, we just need to worry about the impact on the time. And we start working on it. Mostly we can put two and put together. We are not completely announcing it so far because we haven't yet figured out what do we want to do in our negotiation with that. Because it goes on to the end of next year, but we don't do like an overwhelming just in such six months. We know there are certain dependencies on the things like SEO, for example, a front-end is not a photo dropout. It's a bunch of stuff that we need to be mindful of. And in that, Till Stewart and Asaf for the thing to figure out, how is it that we, what is our strategy going to be? I would rather ask not publicly say, "Oh, they want to get a demand form." Because there will be no incentive on Ativan's side to want to be nice groups. One of the things you have to do is not, we are not the only one who is hosting. There are many others. But yes, really good in pushing. Like what he said, they see very, very, very, you know, you can see when they publish the reports or when they are actually, when they try to present how the email has gone by, how they have improved, you know, your searchable content visibility for the broader places, how they brought traffic for new purchases. All those things, they are good. And I think that is one thing that they crafted. And that's why you will see a lot of companies trying to just stay over there. A lot of business functions say, "No, no, they will be there." That is like, you know, at least they are making sure that it is growing. You know, over here if it comes internal, how do we figure that out? Because we have never done that. Probably one thing that Ashok, you said, we tried building the platform in 2017 through UBX and program for UBX. Is there any two-liner or three-liner that you wanted to see? What was the kind of learning from there that you did not successful? I just find to understand. Yeah, so I think when we, from UBX time, we built, one of the things that definitely happened was, you know, we did try to do a lot at a moment, slow and steady. But the business was not ready for that. There was a huge pushback. I mean, obviously, you are making quickly, you know, customers will be there, you will have to go, but we had a period which, again, that was also posted out of the platform. So previously, we had both of the books and everything was on. We pulled it away, books from the platform. So until the engagement of Hot Wheels in the building, if you look at three, 2017, period did not pull the other platform. We didn't have any technology. Nothing. Our technology was limited in numbers, more than like the right-wing event. At that time, no people only used to think, technology was under a computer cloud. Sorry, my computer is not working. Printer, connector, bifurge, you know, make it better. That's all they used to have us for. Or engaging with the third party because I have got a customer who needs so and so. You are my technology guy, you understand this better, please give me a letter. That was the whole thing. It was only in 2000 when we built the platform because everything was okay. And what is okay, that also I will tell you. If there is some problem, even customer will not raise a ticket. Because they were okay for us to respond after seven days. This is many years, couple of years back. Till 2000, I can tell you, till 2020, I think even for outbreaks, customers will know you will cry for three days. It is down, going to see more. So, it was only after people started seeing how other companies, just like how internet was, and all web services came in. I think a very big change after pandemic. Yes, yes. Both in terms of consumption, where people are going to get different from. Then it is like, oh, actually I am not going to just be inside my university in Bhutan. I am not going to do it for anybody. And then now even more so in the last like two years, where we see the traffic coming in via L&Ms to be a lot higher, like the growth of their lot higher than ACM. So, it is like this changing pattern of consumption coupled with, like people just know what, actually, like it is, like, there is something better. So, it is for us to be able to fulfill on that platform. And actually, when you think about it, like, why do we care about ACM? So, Krishna, one of the events, like he put him in one. One of the things he has taken part in the idea of an economy, like the first time in eight years, he invited him to business, and like, he said, I am trying to understand why would someone pay for content that is actually free. And actually, these are like valid questions. If you better understand, like, how the business operates, you can say, like, actually, you think you want to put, you can deliver it in the swag, you can do that, right? But in some ways, the way he has modeled it in his head is like the way in which he wants to coordinate going forward. He said, for him, everything is just data. Just be aware, everything is just pieces of data. I just mean, you have to find the data, and I need to be able to show you something that doesn't matter when it's a book, chapter, summary, research article, image. Why the constraint? Why the constraint? Because, like, to my mind, that's all, nothing, like, like, it differently, okay, this thing, the publishing flow is different, okay. But we do all of this work to bring it together, okay. And then after that, we send it out in different directions. Some of the guys in that team, like, they said, he goes and gives, you know, like, a session in colleges, talked to them about air. He does all of that. It is just that there was a restriction laid on people, or there was no motivation, no push, and it's okay for you to do. So, they were like, go to all the archives of new card, you can't touch this, you can't touch here, all that. Now, the point is, he has, he needed to clear up, but these are the priorities, like, you can do, like, you want you to, you want you to drive new stuff. Yeah. But you need to be very clear as to why, but what's the direction of travel? What is the overall strategy? Who are we trying to go after? Where is the growth we think is coming from? What have you committed to our customers? And one more thing, like, you know, today everybody talks about servitization. You know, it is new for our tailors and sponsors, you know, especially on the technology side. So, when the ideas all happen, that's when they started thinking, yeah, we can do the servitization of our capabilities, the content, all that. So, those are, that's why the connect of, you know, business coming closer was so necessary for them to start thinking. How big is this market, if you have any? How big is the? Is this publication, the business where we are in, more than? More than 200, I think. That's all. It's huge, it's massive. And with all AI coming in, it's only going to scale. You are, just imagine what all, you know, it just needs more and more and more knowledge, right? So, we are nearing to 1 billion. Now, we have 199 billion left. Yeah, yeah. There is millions. And there are lots of gaps. You can infiltrate with those. There are new markets. There are lots of new markets which are unexplored. There is lot of content which is in regional language, which has not yet been, you know, disseminated or distributed for the wider audience. Yeah. Specialized content, right? We don't specialize content. So, like I said, there is a growth in research in areas like China, India, Southeast Asia, Japan, China. These markets and content comes out in that format. In that language. But how do we unlock that and make it bigger? So, one thing that, one more, if you like, what we have is the relationships with institutions that end the countries. This, generally, is a degree of, like, just, you know, it's hard to replicate. Like, we have had, we have seen, you know, self-publishing and all. They haven't really got them because there is still something about working with the publisher, relationship with the editor that you have, why people give their own time for peer review because of the value that it is seeing within the community. That's the fact that, actually, I'm, you know, I'm going to give this, you know, to contribute my time to peer review because some point of time, I want to become in the editor, I actually want to become a chief editor of the journal. Those are the things which are, you know, it's hard to, someone has just simply come in. That's not to say that we should just be back from it. For 300 years, it was fine. Last 30 years or so, it was a bit shaky. Last two years, it was fine. We don't do something. We might have to back up. So that is the, and I think this is very important to, like, understand internalized over by everybody as to what is happening, where is this market moving, what do we need to do, but what is our own, then how can we, what are things we aren't doing that we don't do. Should I, you know, like, some might be like, we have to, still I work on some. Nail is one of my, some writers. They have already moved on with the public sector and making their content available, especially to the academics and the universities and institutions through the labs. If we don't catch up to that, for instance, let's say we built a, you know, searchability and discover, bloody option, but until then, let's say it takes six months, just for you. Meanwhile, they have tied up and they don't have to do the talk, but they will not. Do you think our game will be like that? And they said, connected question. That's right. It is 81. Now, it has had its days. It had its own way of serving the technology. It had its own way of grabbing the attention through a single car or something. Now, things are changing. You yourself told that there is more traffic into other rooms than the Google research or any search for that matter. Yesterday, I saw new browsers like Comrades from Webmaster comes in, does a lot of things. Given that still, we're betting on SEO, let's say. If we build an alternative, you know, system, betting on solutioning like SEOs and other things, do we get to still matter in the world of revenue? These two questions are coming to you. I have one more question for Webmaster. Okay. So, on the first one around violating, I think the enemy is cracking. So, let's take this example on attribution. First of all, you know, you could quite easily say the same thing that we could talk about during the game. Take the contract code and I think that is a one-time monetization. Intense still is if you don't have your own experience, how do you get people to see more of the content that you could be giving them? Like, just you're coming in, like, what is the point of entry? Actually, still, majority of the point of entry for researchers is Google Scholar. They have, they have reckoned and Google Scholar also reckons about that. That is evolving, that is your model. Second, there's also a degree of skepticism around how much can you do? Like, come from the, like, what's the commercial model? The cost of serving every request from, for, I think, a user of the exception versus the value of the subscription. So, I don't think those commercial models are fully baked in some way. Because if you don't, like, and you can argue that, you know, Moozwa will be there, you know, cost will go low, yes. But at some point in time, if I'm giving up the entire thing of not being a place where someone can have the experience that I want them to have, then you're playing in a level of content. That's it. You're not, you're not knowing of this type of thing. So, so that hopefully on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the market, we will have to back upon my, yes, and there will be others, right? We will, we will also let, this thing, I can talk content to, to Microsoft. It's all that people are using to build evidence. At the end of the day, it will actually be in the, I'm not sure. Because I think the, I don't know, the 8,000 pound gorilla in that room is, they have better infrastructure, more data, and ultimately at the end of the day, it will be using, like, it's using foundation models from the others. It is extremely capital intensive. I don't think they have the capital, they can place capital to play that. Google can. And, and, you know, open ahead some day. Others, it's a, that is not a, that's not a market. So that is, that is, that is one place. So I feel that's not completely done as yet because it's not, so don't really know what the commercial model is over there. So I think that's the place that you have to play. You know, Google also launches new thing with you in the AI mode. It's an evolving space. Google recognizes the fact, like, fundamentally this is a direct threat to their primary business which is on selling apps. You need eyeballs. Without eyeballs, you're not selling apps. So that's what they're going to do. The thing that's slightly different is the research market doesn't really care as much about it. They care about what is it they will find out. So which is why I think in the platform, if there are ways in which I can identify what are the problems I need to solve for the users who use the platform. It doesn't have to be like for like I'm doing, you're replacing everything that I want to do. So that's the difference. I have just two more questions. This is regarding the UX. How much we can reuse of this platform? We should ask the wizard part. There are certain components where we can reuse certain parts of it. I think part of it is more, not the character of one reader. It's quite tightly coupled to the notion of what is a book. We want to move away from a thing of what is a book to what is a piece of content. So we have something. I think the study on scale is really important. So for context, the UX does about 50% of the thing. And on the research side, it's about 15x of what we sell or what we use. Also, UV is primarily serverless. One of the things I have from an infrastructure point of view is cost-wise, it doesn't actually make sense for us to use the same approach. Because serverless is fine for that type of user that is there. This is much more sustained. Actually, if you want to evolve it a bit slightly, do I really want to play AWS-7? I don't. I think there are other approaches to that. I'm not sure serverless is a way to do that. It is not for the sustained as serverless.

So, I do not think that we do not categorize, just how it is presented back to the end to the end. So, when as a for example, you know as an institution if I got a subscription for you know certain part of the catalog or books in general, then you will have users from the university who have access to that part portion of the catalog and when they are going to CFO or to UBS that is that is what is the way to do that. So, you go in search of content and typically it is like different rules and you can satisfy the thing you want to connect with the access or you do not have access to it. So, the different reports for how we should describe the content. Only fundamentals that do not change is that ISB and you can do that. So, the actual so if you think about in one way you know from an act the content do not get clear about what it is or not. We want all of it to be discoverable because more it is discoverable by people the more people then want access to it. Then part of it comes in terms of conversion. So, from a university institution point of view the fact that you show people content as relevant to the problem. And then after that when you at the point of access is then you decide what you want to do. Do I have to pay it or I have access to it. So, I want to actually then start if you do not have access to it start keep like tracking the fact that you know there are probably you know a thousand users within the within this institution who want access to this portion of content you can go to librarian and say in a word that these many denial we had because if you want it you have not sufficient to it you would like to pass right. So, how do you do that part of that in as a direct to as you know as a you know individuals or consumer you know the platform and then when you are going through the journey you want to come to a point where actually but access when direct to a point where you do not take you in through payment through. So, this you almost like a the base part of it is discover like we have to discover how can we make the discoverability even better and then when you go to the point of access then we decide what you want to do. But then we want that you know what else is relevant to you really interested in you know psychology, but you know what this is piece of research that is happening in economics that is related to behavioral science and that kind of work. Actually we now know that because you use your you know previous TNF ID or we know that you are going to be such a human institution you want to capture the data because we want to know that where are pieces of research actually happening. We have not even talked about the fact of what are the ways from activity usage what is the research that is happening or being able to monetize on the data that we end up capturing about the areas or topics that are there of interest how we sort of package that up and send that on to funding agencies to say you know if this is an area for already these institutions are where we said it is happening what can actually happen over there. So that allows us many other things in area but that insight in terms of understanding who is the individual is what they want to capture how are they accessing the information on their research or research on the area that becomes like extremely valuable for them. When we think about how do we think about beyond the competition and this is where you know additional sort of opportunities for enabling that market place vision to come through because we have access to really valuable insights that we will then factor in.

So, then after that we had 30 sub- I had a one-on-one catch with him and he said, he started taking a story and he said, I had a heart procedure. After that I want to check myself out of the challenge. So, in the UK there is this note only as a, like a national power to like also mount it. So, it is interesting. One government director said, I had a heart procedure. After that I want to check myself out of the challenge. So, in the UK there is this note only as a, like a national power to like also mount it. So, it is interesting. One government director said, I had a heart procedure. After that I want to check myself out of the challenge. So, in the UK there is this note only as a, like a national power to like also mount it. So, it is interesting. One government director said, it showed me a picture. There he is there standing on top of that. So, it is from the top of that and it is a view where then you can see like, you know, the number. No, no, but this is where you use this. So, he said yeah, you know, 10 minutes, he said he was to explain, you know, whatever you said he can evaluate in one. You know, you know, there are 400 systems in your man's game. So, it is a very simple question.
